Add more information about handler differences in Sensu Plus doc (#3635)
sensu/sensu-docs: content/sensu-go/6.5/sensu-plus.md

{{< figure src="/images/sumo-plus/sensu-dashboards.png" alt="Sensu Overview and Sensu Entity Detail dashboards listed in the Sumo Logic left-navigation menu" link="/images/sumo-plus/sensu-dashboards.png" target="_blank" >}}

Click a dashboard name to view your Sensu observability data.

> It may take a moment or two for your data to appear in Sumo Logic.

Author: ```suggestion
It may take a few moments for your data to appear in Sumo Logic.
```
